README.md, before:

## Lightning Learn!
As a developer it is extremely important to demonstrate an understanding of data structures & Algorithms.

## What will you be learning?
- Topic: Searching concepts that help you in solving programming questions. You may find that some of these are a bit above your skill level.  The main focus is to learn something new and share with your fellow classmates.

### Team 5: [Searching](https://git.generalassemb.ly/software-engineering-immersive/SEI-Course-Materials/tree/master/6_computer-science-materials/algorithms/search-algorithms)
  Members:  Isaac, Tristan, Heggy, Paris
  
## Deliverables
  - A repository on Github with a `README.md`
  - One paragraph explaining the concept behind the topic assigned to your group. Include this in your `README.md`.
  - At least two examples of the assigned topic.
  - One paragraph outlining different types of questions that can be asked/solved using the given topic. 
  - A link to all relevant resources. This can include the software's site, a helpful tutorial site, a medium article, etc.
  
  Submit a link to your repository (including the README.md with paragraphs and links) to the slack channel.

### Quick links:
- Requirement: https://git.generalassemb.ly/sf-wdi-51/DS-Algo-Lightning-Learn/edit/master/README.md
- DeadLine: 4/3 at 9AM
- Presentation: 4/3 at 10:45 AM

Commit message:

update Search Algo lesson plan

README.md, after:

## Lightning Learn! - Search Algorithm
As a developer it is extremely important to demonstrate an understanding of data structures & Algorithms.

## What will you be learning?
- Topic: Searching concepts that help you in solving programming questions. You may find that some of these are a bit above your skill level.  The main focus is to learn something new and share with your fellow classmates.

### Team 5: [Searching](https://git.generalassemb.ly/software-engineering-immersive/SEI-Course-Materials/tree/master/6_computer-science-materials/algorithms/search-algorithms)
  Members:  Isaac, Tristan, Heggy, Paris

#### Section 1) Intro Define Search
#### Section 2) Find code snippet and go over it
#### Section 3) Find use cases on Search algorithm in the world
#### Section 4) Find a good videos to watch for visual learners


## Deliverables
  - A repository on Github with a `README.md`
  - One paragraph explaining the concept behind the topic assigned to your group. Include this in your `README.md`.
  - At least two examples of the assigned topic.
  - One paragraph outlining different types of questions that can be asked/solved using the given topic. 
  - A link to all relevant resources. This can include the software's site, a helpful tutorial site, a medium article, etc.
  
  Submit a link to your repository (including the README.md with paragraphs and links) to the slack channel.

### Quick links:
- Requirement: https://git.generalassemb.ly/sf-wdi-51/DS-Algo-Lightning-Learn/edit/master/README.md
- DeadLine: 4/3 at 9AM
- Presentation: 4/3 at 10:45 AM
- Good guideline: https://git.generalassemb.ly/software-engineering-immersive/SEI-Course-Materials/tree/master/6_computer-science-materials/algorithms/search-algorithms
